---
title: About us
---

We BHARAT GROWTH CONSULTANTS,is the number one supplier of medical light sources with more than three decades in the industry. Design for vision- A global supplier of surgical and dental light sources is our parent company. Today, over one hundred thousand of Designs for Vision's specialized optical products are in use by surgeons and dentists on a daily basis. Our world-class Engineers, Product Developers, and Team research, design, test, and manufacture the highest quality surgical lighting systems and replacement parts. As an internationally recognized brand, we’re devoted to maintaining our continuous improvement and customer satisfaction centric approach. Our company prides itself on its family-friendly nature and we believe it’s another reason for our great prosperity and continued success. Within our facility, we also have a Full Service and Repair Department for all our products. Everything is accomplished in-house to reduce costs and turnaround time.

#### Why us?

Bharat Growth Consultants is the trusted partner of the brand Designs for Vision,USA ( since 1961) that dentists rely on for quality, reliability, and durability. Our main products includes Dental and Surgical equipment-magnification LED headlights and illumination products. Currently we are providing our services to many countries such as, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, Egypt, Iraq, United Arab Emirates, India ( Dental Range of Products Only) and Pakistan. Our Dental Telescopes provide TRUE magnification and ergonomics.Ours is a trusted brand that surgeons rely on for quality, reliability, and durability. Our Surgical Telescopes provide the real magnification expected for demanding procedures. We are always behind the mission of applying optical research and design to help people see better - anywhere, anytime!
